Oh.
Too much Shizuiji.
Computer Graphics.
mmh
it's confusing. Too many cons that's right!
yeah it's like becoming planet of apes.
Yeah, that's right. Hollow Earth Ape.
Yeah, What's that Frozen Godzilla?
The Empire one.
Shimo. That's his name?
Oh, she.
She Shimo.
Yeah, Ice Monster but that looks like Godzilla.
Yeah...
Yeah.
Oh.
Oompa Loompa.
Oompa Loompa, Japanese name.
Yeah.... No!
Oh, I thought that's a Japanese name?
Yeah, that's Japanese name right? It's English name. Yeah.
mmh
Hah!
Mut Muto always shows up when Godzilla is getting in danger
but do you remember when the when Muto movie there's a
Another Mafla came shows up
Yeah there's too much. Yeah. Mothra. Mothra.
That was strong.
Mothra vs Godzilla... Yeah.
It is evil? No, they were helping.
Oh they were eaten. Oh... Okay, okay.
those little people ne?
Yeah.
but they eventually cooperate.
Yeah, yeah, yeah... Yeah.
No!
Yeah... Batora.
Batora... Yeah, Battra. Yes.
Yes.
That's right
Yeah. But it this all about
Godzilla is good side or bad side?... It depends. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The bad one.
No! It was bad, Godzilla.
Yeah, bad for the people, yes.
Shin.
Yeah.
It was Godzilla versus people.
That's right. It's threatening for people.
Yeah. Godzilla, all he does is destroy.
That's what he does.
Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
He was.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true.
he shoot out the beam from his what do you call that
Back. Yeah... that was cool.
That's true. That's true.